Cleanup and document `engine-sample.scene` (#562)
GameDevTecnico/cubos: engine/samples/scene/page.md

@include assets/main.cubos

This file imports the asset with id `cd007ba2-ee0d-44fd-bf36-85c829dbe66f`, which is the scene we looked at in the previous file.
It gives this scene the deisgnation of `sub1`.
It then imports the very same scene again, but this time with the name `sub2` instead.
This allows us to have two instances of the same subscene.

Under `entities`, we can reference these labels to change some particular values of the subscenes.
For example, by referencing `sub1.root` we are making local changes to the `root` entity of that instance of the subscene.
The result of the changes we make to both `sub1.root` and `sub2.root` is that the parent of these entities will be set to be the `main` entity.

Now that we have our scene file, let's get CUBOS. to load it.
The first thing we're going to need is a reference to the scene asset. 
For the purposes of this sample we can simply use an hardcoded reference to the asset.

@snippet scene/main.cpp Setting the asset

Then we'll need a system that spawns that scene.
To do this we simply get the Scene object from the asset, and then spawn its entities.

> `commands.spawn` will create in the world a copy of every entitiy defined in the scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@ref cubos::core::ecs::Commands::spawn "Commands::spawn" will create in the world a copy of every entity defined in the scene's blueprint.
```

It won't remove the entities already there, so if you want to close a scene, you'll have to do it yourself.

@snippet scene/main.cpp Spawning the scene

> And now we'll have this system run at startup.
> It is not required, you can spawn scenes at any point in the execution of the program,
> but for the purpose of demonstrating the functionality, spawning once at startup is enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, we'll run this system at startup, since we want to spawn it a single time.
Since it's a startup system, we'll have to tag it with `cubos.assets` to make sure it runs only after the scene bridge has been registered.
On a real game, you could have, for example, a scene for an enemy which you spawn multiple times, instead of just once at startup.
```

@snippet scene/main.cpp Adding the system

Finally, let's print the loaded scene, to check that everything is working correctly.

> @snippet scene/main.cpp Displaying the scene

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should show this here...
It's kinda scary and not related to the scene at all.
Maybe we should just leave it in the sample and omit it in the docs, like just saying that the samples prints the result but not show any code related to it.
What do you think?

Author: I guess we could, I just find it w bit weird ending a tutorial page on an instruction, instead of on something the user can actually see to check if everything is working right

Reviewer: Why not then keep the output description and hide the print implementation?

Author: Sure

If you run the sample, it should give you a list that has:
- an entity with `num` set to 0, with no parent. This is the `main` entity.
- two entities with `num` set to 1, with same parent, who has `num` set to 0. These are the `root` entities of each instance of the subscene.

> - two entities with `num` set to 2, with different parents, but both of them having `num` set to 1.  These are the `child` entities of each instance of the subscene.

Reviewer: Maybe its best to not go into so much detail, its easier for it to become outdated.
Should be enough to mention that if you run the sample it will print the spawned entities.

Author: For this to become outdated the sample itself would have to be altered. I put so much detail because the output is not the easiest to read, you have to go from index to nums.
